<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">

<h:body>
	<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="content">
			<div class="table-responsive">
				<h:panelGroup id="table_container" layout="block"></h:panelGroup>
				<!-- DO NOT REMOVE THIS -->
				<h1>About</h1>
				<p>This website is intended to help new students as well as
					existing students to select their courses. In RWTH University
					students from different countries come to study. Most cases the
					study system is not similar with their home country. Keeping that
					in mind we developed this website to help those students.</p>
				<p>Students who take a course in a semester can rate a lecture
					in different category like whether the professor was good at his
					lecture or not, whether the exercises was easy or not or if it was
					helpful or not etc. Students can also write their review as comment
					for the course. And also other users can up vote or down vote the
					comments which explains whether the comment was useful or not.</p>

				<p>So if any student is confused with so many courses and which
					one to choose from them, can visit our website and have a look at
					the courses that are easy, useful and popular to other students.</p>
					
				<h2>How to Authenticate</h2>
				<p>
					To rate or comment a lecture first you have to authenticate using
					your RWTH campus office credentials. As soon as you click
					authenticate button you will redirected to to another page where
					you have to enter your credentials. <br /><br />
					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate" name="authenticate1.png"
						library="images" />
					<br /><br /> If you enter correct credentials then you will be
					redirected to this page <br /><br />

					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate" name="authenticate2.png"
						library="images" /><br />
					<br /> After you click authorize you can start rating and
					commenting the courses you are taking this semester.

				</p>


				<h2>How to Rate</h2>
				<p>
					To rate a lecture first click "Rate" from the top header menu. <br /><br />
					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate" name="rating.png"
						library="images" /><br />
					<br /> A popup will appear as below <br /><br />
					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate" name="rating1.png"
						library="images" /><br />
					<br /> You can select the lecture you want to rate and then you
					can rate as excellent, very good, good, fair etc and then click ok
					and your rating will be saved in our system. Please be honest and
					don't spam the system.

				</p>

				<h2>How to Comment</h2>
				<p>
					To comment or review a lecture first click "Comment" from the top
					header menu. <br /><br />

					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate" name="comment1.png"
						library="images" /><br />
					<br /> A popup will appear as below <br /><br />
					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate" name="comment.png"
						library="images" /><br />
					<br /> You can select the lecture you want to comment and then you
					have to give a title of your comment and write your comment. Click
					ok to save your comment. Please be honest and don't spam the
					system.
				</p>
				<h2>Error codes</h2>
				<p>
				   Sometimes errors occur when working with the application. The following
				   picture shows an example of an error dialog.
				   <br/><br/>
				   Each error has a code. For instance "TODO" in the previous picture.
				   The following sections give more information on error codes.
				</p>
				<h4>E001</h4>
				<p>
				 //TODO authentication error....
				</p>
				<h4>E002</h4>
				<p>
				  TODO authentication error....
				</p>
				<h4>E004</h4>
				<p>
				  TODO authentication error....
				</p>
			</div>
		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>
</h:body>
</html>