<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">

<h:body>
	<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="content">
			<div class="table-responsive">
				<h:panelGroup id="table_container" layout="block"></h:panelGroup>
				<!-- DO NOT REMOVE THIS -->
				<h1>About</h1>
				<p>This website is intended to help new students as well as
					existing students to select their courses. In RWTH University
					students from different countries come to study. Most cases the
					study system is not similar with their home country. Keeping that
					in mind we developed this website to help those students.</p>
				<p>Students who take a course in a semester can rate a lecture
					in different category like whether the professor was good at his
					lecture or not, whether the exercises was easy or not or if it was
					helpful or not etc. Students can also write their review as comment
					for the course. And also other users can up vote or down vote the
					comments which explains whether the comment was useful or not.</p>

				<p>So if any student is confused with so many courses and which
					one to choose from them, can visit our website and have a look at
					the courses that are easy, useful and popular to other students.</p>
					
				<h2>How to Authenticate</h2>
				<p>
					To rate or comment a lecture first you have to authenticate using
					your RWTH campus office credentials. First you have to click authenticate button. 
					<br /><br />
					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate long-image" name="authenticate.png"
						library="images" /><br /><br />
					After that you will redirected to to another page where
					you have to enter your credentials. <br /><br />
					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate" name="authenticate1.png"
						library="images" />
					<br /><br /> If you enter correct credentials then you will be
					redirected to this page <br /><br />

					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate" name="authenticate2.png"
						library="images" /><br />
					<br /> After you click authorize you can start rating and
					commenting the courses you are taking this semester.

				</p>


				<h2>How to Rate</h2>
				<p>
					To rate a lecture first you have to authenticate as shown above. Then click "Rate" at the right of each lecture name. <br /><br />
					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate long-image" name="rating.png"
						library="images" /><br />
					<br /> A popup will appear as below <br /><br />
					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate" name="rating1.png"
						library="images" /><br />
					<br /> You
					can rate as excellent, very good, good, fair etc and you have five categories like lecture, exercise, lecturer, lecture materials and additional 
					resources. Then click ok 
					and your rating will be saved in our system. Please be honest and
					don't spam the system.

				</p>

				<h2>How to Comment</h2>
				<p> 
					To comment or review a lecture first you have to authenticate as shown above. Then select a lecture you want to comment. 
					For example, if you want to comment or review "Applied Automata Theory" click on that lecture.
					<br /><br />

					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate long-image" name="comment1.png"
						library="images" /><br />
					<br /> 
					
					Then click on "New Comment" button.
					<br /><br />
					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate" name="commen2.png"
						library="images" /><br />
					<br />
					
					
					After that A popup will appear as below <br /><br />
					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate" name="comment3.png"
						library="images" /><br />
					<br /> You
					have to give a title of your comment and write your comment. Click
					ok to save your comment. Please be honest and don't spam the
					system. <p>
					You can also like or dislike a comment. If someone gave spam review about a lecture or if you think the review he wrote is not correct then you can
					down vote it. Or if you think the review is helpful for you and might be helpful for others then you can also up vote as well. 
					  <br /><br />
					<h:graphicImage styleClass="authenticate long-image" name="comment4.png"
						library="images" /><br />
					 </p>
				</p>
			</div>
		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>
</h:body>
</html>